relax requirements referenced token (#102)
vcstuff/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

    email: chris.bormann@gmx.de

normative:
  RFC1950: RFC1950
  RFC1951: RFC1951
  RFC3986: RFC3986
  RFC6125: RFC6125
  RFC7515: RFC7515
  RFC7519: RFC7519

>   RFC8152: RFC8152
>   RFC8392: RFC8392

Author: ```suggestion
  RFC8152: RFC8152
  RFC8259: RFC8259
  RFC8392: RFC8392
  RFC8949: RFC8949
```

: A token in JWT or CWT representation that contains a cryptographically secured Status List.

Referenced Token:

> : A cryptographically secured container which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use secured containers based on JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} and {{RFC7519}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.

Reviewer: I'm unsure about the word container, maybe token is better

Reviewer 2: I agree I think token is better.

Reviewer 2: Maybe "A cryptographically secured data structure"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A cryptographically secured data structure which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use JSON or CBOR for representation of the token and secure it using JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.
```

> : A cryptographically secured container which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use secured containers based on JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} and {{RFC7519}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A cryptographically secured token which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use secured containers based on JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} and {{RFC7519}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.
```

: A token in JWT or CWT representation that contains a cryptographically secured Status List.

Referenced Token:

> : A cryptographically secured data structure which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use JSON {{RFC8259}} or CBOR {{8949}} for representation of the token and secure it using JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A cryptographically secured data structure which contains a reference to a Status List or Status List Token. It is RECOMMENDED to use JSON {{RFC8259}} or CBOR {{RFC8949}} for representation of the token and secure it using JSON Object Signing as defined in {{RFC7515}} or CBOR Object Signing and Encryption as defined in {{RFC8152}}. The information from the contained Status List may give a Relying Party additional information about up-to-date status of the Referenced Token.
```

The following content applies to the JWT Claims Set:

> * `iss`: OPTIONAL. If present, the `iss` (issuer) claim MUST specify a unique string identifier for the entity that issued the Referenced Token. In the absence of an application profile specifying otherwise, compliant applications MUST compare issuer values using the Simple String Comparison method defined in Section 6.2.1 of {{RFC3986}}. The value MUST be equal to that of the `iss` claim contained within the referenced Status List Token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `iss`: REQUIRED when also present in the Status List Token. The `iss` (issuer) claim MUST specify a unique string identifier for the entity that issued the Referenced Token. In the absence of an application profile specifying otherwise, compliant applications MUST compare issuer values using the Simple String Comparison method defined in Section 6.2.1 of {{RFC3986}}. The value MUST be equal to that of the `iss` claim contained within the referenced Status List Token.
```
